

TODO
- music
- sfx


what incentive is there to STOP firing?
	maybe, have delay on firing
	also, as the game goes on it should turn into like...
	you're the conductor of the krill mass you've accumulated


make it a bullet hell via lots of fish


- camera zooms out the bigger your swarm!!!!!!!! sense of progression, they used this
in agar.io, AND allows for really big swarm sizes
a smooth or discrete function??
if discrete- use common sizes-
Mode Name	Resolution
90p	    160x90
180p	320x180
240p	352x240
360p	640x360
720p	1280x720
1080p	1920x1080

this would make spawning more interesting. i guess would spawn stuff outside the window,
whatever the window is.


give your krill a little bit of a sinusoidal ebb and flow when you're idle
swimmming/pressing any keys this doesnt do this cause we want to prioritise player control,
but if you're not pressing any keys- makes it look nice
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i could have a global ebb/flow
where the position on the sine is modulated by x value
so globally it's like there's actual waves rippling through the game
(plus some noise- noise applied to the x value perhaps?)


combos?
combos per enemy type? oo...
swarm size as a score multipler?


corpses flip over and sink to the bottom. they maintain (half?) their x velocity and are
affected by the sinusoidal ebb/flow.





wishlist
- pressing/releasing the mouse does an actual multi frame bouncy animation between states


far out bucketlist/if i were to continue this
- legitimate swarming behavior
- other creatures can eat each other ex. fish and birds will also eat shrimp
- more krill allows you to use other weapons/powers;; 'expend' krill??
- bigger krill swarms
- spacial audio depending on where on screen

splash text
Not by Vlambeer!
Started at the bottom of the food chain!
ATTACK! KILL!
Short kings!
Size isn't everything!
Shrimpin' ain't easy!



firing a gun underwater (it is a glock)
https://youtu.be/OubvTOHWTms?t=145

nautilus eating krill- animation ref
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vR6G-ANma1w


huge krill swarms in 3d
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLN4x_Z-VBA
